## 0.0.7 - unreleased
- Order of relations in generated `.puml` file will change, based on a refactoring
- Added new option `puml.outputFileName`, to specify how the file should be named, that is generated in the folder of generated resources.


## 0.0.6 - 2025-09-27
- Fixed Type resolving of generic types, even if first resolved type is not in 'includedPackages'
- Added TypeAlias support
- If TypeAlias is declared in 'includedPackages', TypeAlias will be resolved
- If Type that TypeAlias points to, is not in 'includedPackages', it will be resolved also. (TypeAlias of classes in the same package are not as intentional as TypeAlias of classes of other packages / libraries)


## 0.0.5 - 2025-09-20
- Added generic type resolution. 
  - When a Variable links a class/interface that makes use of a generic type, like a Collection, the generic type is resolved as well.
  - Generic Types like collections of `kotlin.collections` are displayed as indirect dependencies now. Same applies for example to Result<T>.
- Updated visualisation
  - Indirect dependencies are represented by a dotted line. 
  - Function dependencies are represented with an sharp arrow instead of an diamond arrow.
  - If a Class has a property and a function dependency, the function dependency will not be shown. Property dependencies have higher priority.
- Limited the maximum amount of relations that can be visualized.
  - If a Class has more than n (Default value is 6) relations with other classes, its relations will be hidden and there will be a note on top of the class, that classes with more than n relations cannot be drawn. Reason for this is that entries in the diagram with a lot of dependencies tend to make the diagram less readable. Due to the fact that the class is used very often its purpose should be declared explicitly.
- Added 'KEY_SHOW_INDIRECT_RELATIONS' property to enable or disable visualisation of indirect properties and return types of functions 
- Added 'KEY_MAX_RELATIONS' property set the maximum number of relations of a class that can be shown in the diagram


## 0.0.4 - 2025-08-01
- classes from dependencies are displayed in a concise format, if extension variables and extension functions are defined
- Changed default behaviour to hide inherited properties and functions by default
- Added 'KEY_SHOW_INHERITED_PROPERTIES' property to reduce or increase the shown properties
- Added 'KEY_SHOW_INHERITED_FUNCTIONS' property to reduce or increase the shown functions


## 0.0.3 - 2025-07-15
- Fixed [issue #3](https://github.com/Tosaa/ksp-plantuml/issues/3): Add runCatching to prevent Kotlin IllegalStateException to crash puml generation
- Fixed bug: Property relations are not shown when inheritance was disabled


## 0.0.2 - 2025-06-26
- Add variety of examples which are autogenerated
- Ignore relations of method return types to the class itself
- Ignore relations of fields to the class itself
- Ignore standard classes from `java` and `kotlin`
- Add option to Mark Extension functions with `<ext>`
- Ensure that Extension functions of companion objects are marked `{static}`
- Ensure that Extension functions of classes are added to the class itself
- Mark data classes with `<<Data>>`
- Mark sealed data classes with `<<Sealed, Data>>`
- Mark nullable Types with `?`


## 0.0.1 - 2025-06-16
- Published initial version of this KSP library
- Implemented basic idea of KSP library
